#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Uncover"
(The shooting site drew into the night!)
(Kim Lip's last outfit is warrior style!)
Kim Lip: Warrior woman!
Kim Lip: I think it's a pocket for gun!
Kim Lip: Oh, what is it?
Kim Lip: I think it's a pocket for knife!
(Kim Lip's warrior game is ended!)
Kim Lip: It's fun, haha.
Choerry: I changed my outfit again.
Choerry: It changed a lot!
Choerry: Oh, JinSoul! Please come over here~
JinSoul: Time flies so fast. It's my last outfit...
JinSoul: Whenever I do a photo shoot, I feel like time goes fast.
Choerry: Right.
Choerry: And it's so fun!
Choerry: Right!
JinSoul: Your hair is wet
(Her hair looks so intense!)
Choerry: It's my concept for today~
Choerry: (Her first time to meet herself) Wow! This is how I look like~
Choerry: So cool!
Choeery: It's tough!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Chaotic"
(She enjoying her tough concept...)
Choerry: I'm curious about how the pictures will turn out!
Choerry: I will do my best for the beautiful photo!
Choerry: See you~